d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\World_of_Books+.exe.config
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\World_of_Books+.exe
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\World_of_Books+.pdb
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_AddEditBook.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_AddEditUser.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Authorization.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Catalog.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Orders.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Sidebar.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Statistics.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Stock.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Users.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UC\UserControl_Catalog.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UC\UserControl_User.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Window_Start.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+_Content.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\App.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_AddEditBook.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_AddEditUser.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Authorization.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Catalog.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Orders.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Sidebar.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Statistics.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Stock.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Users.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UC\UserControl_Catalog.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UC\UserControl_User.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Window_Start.baml
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+.g.resources
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books_.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+.exe
d:\WinUsers\admin\Desktop\4_Костяева_КП_1\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\World_of_Books+.exe.config
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\World_of_Books+.exe
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\World_of_Books+.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_AddEditBook.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_AddEditUser.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Authorization.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Catalog.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Orders.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Sidebar.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Statistics.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Stock.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Users.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UC\UserControl_Catalog.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UC\UserControl_User.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Window_Start.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_AddEditBook.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_AddEditUser.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Authorization.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Catalog.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Orders.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Sidebar.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Statistics.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Stock.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Page_Users.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UC\UserControl_Catalog.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UC\UserControl_User.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\UI\Window_Start.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+.g.resources
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books_.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+.exe
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\КП\4_Костяева_КП\Программная часть\World_of_Books+\World_of_Books+\obj\Debug\World_of_Books+.pdb
